# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2021-03-10

## Opening
*Meeting Opened: 18:18*

Present:
- Gozz
- Ryan
- Alan
- Dadams
- Bea
- Hannah
- Stephen
- Michael

Apologies:
- Nic

Absent:

## President's report (Gozz)
- Since the AGM have been trying to sort out meeting times and stuff
- Went to club carnival

## Vice Pres's report (Ryan)
- Previous Actions as Treasurer have been completed. 
  - Pink slip for Nic (DO payments)
  - Pink slip for Nic (club stickers)
- Currently have custody of money box, petty cash, and slips.
  - Will hand-over to Treasurer once training has been completed.

## Treasurer's report (Alan)
- Went to club carnival

## Secretary's report (David)
- Investigated recurring meeting invite for calendar
- Been working in 2200, students are coming whcih is good
- Helped at club carnival
- Prepared minutes
- Ensured maths union has diversity in fresher reps

## Fresh Rep's report (Bea)
- Couldn't make it to club carnival, but was able to come say hi
- Been telling people about the club

## OCM's report (Stephen)
- Went to club carnival
- Gozz: Bought me water... absolute legend
- Has been thinking about functional programming training sessions

## OCM's report (Hannah)
- Went to club carnival
  - Spoke to lots of people
- Talking to people about the club

## OCM's report (Michael)
- Went to club carnival
- Went to introductory session on Monday
- That's about it

## IPP report (Nic)
- Wild to be IPP
- I managed to cause some administrative chaos on the way out RE: AGM attendance, my apologies
- Keen to write lots of juicy problems, but will need at least one week of buffer time to prepare anything
- I think this new committee will do great things

## Events
- AGM
  - Happened
  - Minor admin errors, but nothing we couldn't fix
  - Having it after fresher welcome worked really well
  - Not everyone stayed, but a lot did

- Club Carnival
  - Happened
  - We got a decent number
  - Check records if you want to know how many
  - It was very hot

- Charity Vigil
  - Need to adopt subcommittee regs and appoint reps
  - By consensus we want to be involved
  - Gozz motions to adopt subcommittee regulations as they currently stand
    - Passes unanimously
  - Gozz motions to make Gozz and Michael subcommittee reps
    - Passes unanimously
  - ACTION @Gozz: Inform ICON of our subcommittee reps

## General Business
- Ryan: Deposit petty cash (there's too much lying around)
  - ACTION @Alan: Deposit excess petty cash

- Gozz: Meeting times
  - By consensus Tuesdays at 12:00 sound good
  - Gozz calls recurring meetings for Tuesdays at 12:00 until otherwise stated
  - ACTION @Dadams: Find a room for meetings, and make a calendar event, and keep committee informed

- Gozz: Review handover material
  - Nic: Apologies for sparseness, I am happy to field questions / continue working on this over the year
  - ACTION @Dadams: Give everyone access to the things

> Ryan leaves 19:30

- Nic: Proposed training session content
  - Should decide upon content ordering quickly to give presenters proper time to prepare
  - https://hackmd.io/@XhFTymfaRICfO5JhAMY0sA/B1N3MWUm_/edit - A quick list of past topics and some suggestions. This can live in our GitHub repo or as a Google doc or wherever - It's your choice.
  - To be discussed online

- Ryan: Discuss EMP strats
  - ACTION @Ryan: Submit EMPs as necessary for now

- Gozz: Adopt proposed regulations
  - Pushed to next week

## Previous Action Items

### Short Term
- ACTION @Ryan: Do a pink slip for Nic for DO account
  - Done
- ACTION @Gozz: Write regulations
  - Done
  - May want some minor amendments
- ACTION @Nic: to prepare small un-programming contest
  - Done
- ACTION @Nic: to find someone to do the pizza
  - Done
  - Gozz did it
- ACTION @Nic: to find ROs
  - Done
- ACTION @Nic: to do ERFs
  - Done
- ACTION @Nic: Training Session EMP
  - Done
  - Ryan doing future ones for now
- ACTION @Tom: to send emails to CITS2401 and CITS2003
  - Done
- ACTION @Seamus: Training Sessions timeline
  - Done?
- ACTION @Ryan: Pay back Nic for stickers
  - Done

### Long Term
- ACTION @everyone: work on the book
- ACTION @Gozz: write Constitutional changes
- ACTION @Gozz: write documentation for the site

## Action Items

### Short Term
- ACTION @everyone: Plan training sessions https://hackmd.io/@XhFTymfaRICfO5JhAMY0sA/B1N3MWUm_/edit
- ACTION @Gozz: Inform ICON of our subcommittee reps
- ACTION @Ryan: Submit EMPs as necessary for now
- ACTION @Alan: Deposit excess petty cash
- ACTION @Dadams: Find a room for meetings, and make a calendar event, and keep committee informed
- ACTION @Dadams: Give everyone access to the things

### Long Term
- ACTION @everyone: work on the book
- ACTION @Gozz: write Constitutional changes
- ACTION @Gozz: write documentation for the site

## Postmortem
*Meeting Closed: 19:35*

###  Digressions: 0
- Handover meeting is just too rushed it seems
